In a place like Rakshasa
The rebels who want to survive
You won't say you don't have the ability to save someone, will you?
After all, you saved me.
What are you going to say?
Helping me is helping you
Our purpose is the same
Why not work together?
I'm in a mess right now
But I don't think you're right.
That's not who we are.
I can definitely prove it to you.
I've decided to help you.
That's right, I forgot
It's time to do something big. Something big.
Xiaofeifei
Aren't you going to protect me?
Why are you so far away from me?
The first time I heard
Someone taking a shower should also be protected
He said do big things
What happened?
Someone says every day, oops, nothing happened today.
Let's take a bath together
Hey, are big things informal?
Hey, can I tell you in advance?
If an assassin ambushes me in the bathroom
That's all your loss.
You don't have a word of the truth in your mouth, I don't believe it
It's a pity that this car has good water.
Ah, help!
Do you still want to lie to me?
What's going on?
Hmm, hehe, I got you
You've been messing around in just a few days
Can it be messed up after a long time?
Don't think I don't know what's on your mind
Always trying to take advantage of me
When I'm Stupid
Oops, you're right, what are you waiting for to take off your clothes?
Just want to know that I don't wear clothes
What can you do with me?
What can you do?
necrotic
I let you plan, have you figured it out?
Take a bath here every day
Ma Liang, why are you weird?